c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\BusinessServices.dll
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\BusinessServices.pdb
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\BusinessEntities.dll
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\DataModel.dll
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\Resolver.dll
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc5.dll
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\BusinessEntities.pdb
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\DataModel.pdb
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\Resolver.pdb
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\obj\Debug\BusinessServices.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\obj\Debug\BusinessServices.dll
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCE1Demo\BusinessServices\obj\Debug\BusinessServices.pdb
